Stack Description

I want to be able to have multiple agents talking to eachother, each using either Codex, Gemini CLI, or Claude Code's auth - collaborate on a task board and then each of them selects tasks that belong to them, they accomplish the tasks while taking notes on what happens, how it goes, then report back. They all analyze what's happened and how it changes the goals or what information is needed to proceed and not just complete a task, but to slay the task. augmentation with psychological concepts applied to writing concepts applied to marketing concepts 

to fuel the cross-polination of prime concepts, one of my ideas is to keep a book and research paper collection, upon which I will run a process that 1) stores the books categorically 2) goes through each book and extracts axioms, primals, principles - the shortest amount of text a dense concept can be condensed into while still containing full meaning. 3) then these can be available as enhancements to AI, or skills for me to practice. The goal is to 1) Get the same effect as reading all of my book collection, but infinitely faster. and 2) Have a reservoir of concise knowledge and strategic alignment that I can easily instill into an agent or llm persona by assembling axioms. 

Another workflow - Going through all of my stored notes, chatgpt conversations, perplexity exports, saved articles/blogposts/research papers - and being able to extract a multitude of things from that, as well as synthesize things derived from extraction. For instance, if a thread contains 200 tool recommendation - Have an ongoing Arsenal category, which contains categorized files containing tables of tools, their use case, their description, and any advanced knowledge about them. Everything lives in an obsidian vault. 

The goal is to find my interests, goals, projects, weaknesses, patterns, habits, ways to improve, and opportunities for implementing systematic behavior, and also identifying extraordinary ideas I've had that are worth pursuing - and more - And organize them into a refined base of truth which contains all of the information pertaining to anything I am doing, want to do, or have done. For instance, if I've researched a python library, I should expect its documentation to be stored in the vault, as well as a written guide on how to use it, there should certainly be information containing Python fundamentals 

This can also be used to later create curated training for me. Since the knowledge base will contain everything of interest to me and their adjacents, many things could be derived from that knowledge. Once it is converted into a knowledge base of truth, with opinionated or experience/personal context being identified as such - everything containing much metadata, data, categorization, etc. - then it can be indexed and stored into fancy memory tools so that I can do cool stuff with it, as well as process it for any million kinds of synthesis - reliably and losslessly 

Another example synthesis, arguably the best one - Using my perspective and growth from homeless to living the good life, getting school paid for, living in an amazing shelter, not needing to pay for a single thing - extracting all of the learning i've done, all of the resources ive found, my story, the feelings ive had, the personal moments captured, and organizing it into both an informative source as well as a personal jouurney. 

I want you to help me brainstorm, refine these ideas, recommend improvements to them conceptually, identify the highest value vectors available, and please identify avenues of tooling upgrades I can pursue to make this easier. We've got like 7GB of text we're looking at going through. 

After your next response, a deep research prompt will be executed to create a final report for me to save.