Identity + Values (1–6)
What are the 3 things you want to be true about yourself in 12 months that aren't fully true today?
I no longer feel like an imposter; I have tangible proof of progress in all domains of interest. 
I no longer have to put off human connection because I feel like I have to play catch up; I've caught up. I can then start joining people together to do things instead of focusing on self-improvement - I can enjoy and have a good time with others instead of just alone.  
I have devised at least one mechanism of lasting impact on the world. 
I want to proudly be able to say "I have skills" or "I have a hobby" or "I have friends" I don't want to be a shell of a person anymore. 
I no longer want to be susceptible to the delusion that I am in Hell; which is fed by the observation that I have not learned or experienced anything very different in over a decade. 

What kind of person do you want your actions to demonstrate you are? (Not aspirational labels — specific behaviors)
Eloquent speech. 
Elegant movement - Strength, agility and grace. 
Amazing helper - I want to help the fucking shit out of people - Providing major life impact to as many people as possible. 
Hacker genius super human.

What is the one area of your life where you feel most behind — and what does "caught up" look like?
Human Connection - I am not a member of any social circle by choice. I am only within communities that I am forced to be in by circumstance. I want to choose my environment, my activities, my future, my world. 
Capability - I don't have a single concrete skill developed. 

What does a good day feel like, vs. a wasted day? What's the difference in your body?
A good day; I'll have gotten to express creativity, challenge my body, mind and spirit, experienced new things, I go to bed tired - feeling as though I lived life to the fullest, completed challenges, pushed my boundaries, and experienced new things - Pushing boundaries referring to defeating my inclination to be a hermit and connecting with people. Going to sleep while shooting the shit with a good friend who is in a bed next to me - those are the heartfelt nights. Like waking up, working out, making breakfast for me and everyone at my house, going to a tournament with my team-mate, winning doubles and singles, winning money matches - or even just playing - then doing something fun and social afterwards, we all go back to my place, hang out and play games and shoot the shit or make music or do something else together then we fall asleep because we cannot stay up any longer. Something like /that/ is the perfect day. 
Speaking of which, it is a goal of mine to get a giant house together with a bunch of people and figure out a way to do that. For instance, I lived in a 5 bedroom with like 7000 sq feet for $600 a month a while back and we only had 5 roommates. We could have had like 10 people fit in there EASILY, rent would have been like 200 a person! 

What are you most afraid of reverting to — and what conditions make that most likely?
Psychosis - The conditions that make that likely are isolation, sleep deprivation, drug use, not progressing, betraying myself, crime, and being adjacent to unethical or illegal behavior. Also being dishonest - I Want to live unapologetically honest, so that I can live as loud and proud as possible. I like it...LOUD! I can't do that if I'm always lying or putting up a front. I don't want to be a liar. 

What's the most important thing that nobody in your life currently sees you doing?
Trying to design systems to help people. Trying to push myself to my limits for the purpose of helping people by helping myself - and also because I want to live my best life and because I want to feel good. 
Nobody sees me doing anything, except sitting in a circle at group.

Skills + Growth (7–13)
List 5 skills you have but underuse.
High amount of discipline, focus, and resistance to pain. 
Cooking.
Professional Fighting Games. 
Manipulation.
Lying.


List 5 skills you want but don't have yet. Rate each 1–10 on how badly you want them.
Social Work 10 
Yoga 10 
Parkour 10 
Hand to hand combat 10
Dev powers 10
OSINT 10 
Applied Psychology 10
Gambling 10 
Content monetization 10 
Changing the world 10 
Red Teaming 10 
Juggling 5
Throwing knives 5
Seduction 7 
Persuasion 7 
Social Skills 9
Relaxing 100

What's one physical capability you want to build or rebuild?
Longevity > Brain Function > Endurance > Agility > Flexibility > Power 


What's one creative capability you want to develop?
Actualization of my ideation 

What would you practice every day if there was no friction — even if it seemed trivial?
There is no friction - I would and i WILL practice EVERYTHING every day. That is one thing that I truly, truly want to do - Practice as many things every day as possible, and also daily application of the things I'm practicing daily. This is very important to me, contriving and employing methods and selecting the things to practice and creating a curated curriculum and methodology to this is imperative to the process. 
What did you used to be good at that you've let atrophy?
Being a friend/family member/community member. 

What's one thing you want to be able to do professionally in 6 months that you can't do today?
Private investigation. Freelancing digital/AI skills. Creating solutions/programs. Content monetization. Street fights. System design. Consultation. Research. Personal coaching.

Daily Life + Energy (14–19)
At what times of day do you feel most capable? Most depleted?
ALL OF THEM. Except I feel like taking a nap around the middle of the day. Other than that, I'm pretty fricken cracked out for most of the day. 5AM wakeup is the goal, sometimes I wake up at like 10am. 

What is the single most common thing that derails a day that was going well?
Tunnel vision, procrastination, or missing commitments really kills my mood.


What does your ideal morning look like in 5 minutes or less?
Wake up early - Workout - Coffee - Computer - Shower - Make it to group early - Computer before group - Smoke a cigarette with the homies before group - Have a good group, don't feel anxious - am excited to do whatever I do next after group, not spaced out, not anxious, not disassociated.


What's the smallest habit that, if you did it every day, would make the biggest difference?
Employing a system. A system is a habit; but it is a collection of habits. The system I envision will be a harness for many habits, but by focusing on the harness as the fulcrum - I can force myself to respect and adopt multiple habits at once. The system I'm designing is designed to be a vehicle for this. The system habit I adopt/create will enforce the following: Daily workout. Daily combat training. Daily independent study. Daily academic study. Daily journaling. Daily novel experience. Daily projects. Daily skill practice. Goal setting. Tracking. Money making. Career development. Identification of trajectories/vectors. Mitigation/elimination of weaknesses. Community involvement. By creating a system that promotes all of these in a highly enjoyable, fulfilling way that takes advantage of my ability to do tha muthafuckin utmost, I can take advantage of all of my (absurdly powerful) good traits, and dramatically exponentially increase my capability at a frankly ridiculous rate. 

How much time do you realistically have per day that isn't already committed?
Currently, my only committed time is 10AM-1PM MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursday aside from appointments. 

What does "rest" actually look like for you — what restores you vs. what numbs you?
Currently free. What numbs me is tunnel vision, isolation, excessive computer use. I /need/ to finish the projects I'm working on and start implementing the rest.

Relationships + Obligations (20–23)
List the 5 people most important to your stability right now, and when you last connected with each.
Outside of mandatory contact? uhhh fuck 
I don't really have anyone that has room for me in their lives...I just have like my PO, the people from group, my CODA counselor...I need friends. I need to reinitiate friendships and relationships. 


What obligations do yu have that feel like chains vs. ones that feel like anchors?
They all feel like anchors, or are just frankly unnoticeable because they align with my goals anyway. I need to respect the obligations I have to myself to live to my potential and rekindle / create meaningful relationships while furthering my capability and living life to the fullest. 

Who in your life would benefit most from seeing you succeed — and does that motivate you?
My son who I haven't met yet. >_>; Everyone who's ever met me. I cannot just be a horribly depressing sob story, everyone has put so much heart and love and resource and time into me...to only have that end in sadness, and not turn into a hero story...that would SUCK! I must succeed! Freakazoid! Freakame! Freakayou! Freak freak freak freaaaka freakazoid. 


Is there a relationship you've been neglecting that you know matters?
My mom. My son who I haven't met yet. My family. My friends. The Smash Community. Pretty much every person I know. ^_^;
 
Systems + Tools (24–27)
What's the one thing you wish your phone could do for your productivity that it can't?
Run advanced python scripts and do crazy shit via natural language - basically the same stuff I want my computer to be able to do. I want to set up Termux with Kali Linux and Gemini CLI and crack it out and get it all custom and fat, and use my extra phone to do experimental projects daily while im on the move. 


What's a tool or app you tried and abandoned — and what killed it?
I haven't tried much of anything yet. I just have a shitload of todo's and nothing checked out. I need to play with them! I need to try everything! I want to experience everything! and do everything! and learn everything! or at least some fuckin cool shit. Halp! 
Open source ethical hacking seems cool to me - It would be cool to be able to help prevent horrid crimes if they come up, by finding the perp (within legal channels.) that's probably one of the most interesting things to me other than making tools to help others find their raisonne d'etre. 

What's the most repetitive thing you do manually that you'd love automated?
Making phone calls to doctors, complex research and contact (For instance, in order to apply for DHS' Vocational Rehabilitation Funding and a couple other things, I need to acquire documentation of my entire medical history so that I can apply for funding, disability income, SSI, etc. Being able to automate literally all of that without any human in the loop pieces would be RAD. And also surfacing the ultimate expression of my experience and research into monetizable documents that are also of high utility to my growth and records - which is a like 7 edged sword. Structuring my life, noticing things for improvement, planning things, taking notes, identifying optimal outcomes, strategizing, self improvement, learning, arbitrary crap like filling out forms or 

If you could get a daily report delivered to your phone every morning with exactly the information you need, what would it say?
Daily news from multiple perspectives, aggregated into a report. Daily side quests: Portfolio or skill building, money making quests, etc. Daily quests: Every day, the same goals I must complete (IE Create something using a library you haven't used before. Create something using a library you have used before. Complete 5 non-mandatory tasks. Complete all mandatory tasks. 100 pushups 100 situps 100 squats 10km run)  Opportunities to make money today. All deadlines and appointments today. All ongoing projects and their progress. A proposed priority list. Opportunities unique to the day that fit my profile. Reminders about long neglected tasks. Recommended high leverage projects. The single greatest thing I could do that I haven't discerned yet. A link to a full, 20 page report that is generated every day just for me (small font, single spacing - a substantial multi-category report that teaches me, assigns things to me, progresses me, provides me with information that I will keep and use forever, and generally just helps me level up.) 

Quests + Exploration (28–30)
Name something you've always been curious about but never pursued — could be anything.
Becoming a corporate socialite and climbing the ladder of power in this world.

What's a skill that seems completely unrelated to your goals that you'd secretly enjoy practicing?
Detached seduction; I always end up head-over-heels and in a long lasting relationship and renouncing the rest of my life; I think it would be extremely good practice in a LOT of ways if I became capable of simultaneously wholesome and detached seduction and social mastery - To become adept at casual sex without being a malevolent being. 

If XP was real and you were designing your own character build, what would your attribute spread look like? (Where do you want to be strong?)
Goal attributes: 
Assuming this is D&D 
and 10 is average 
and 20 is savant freak of nature 

I would say my current stats are like...
Strength 11
Dexterity 13
Agility 11
Con 12
Int 13
Wis 16
Cha 12 

My target stats are 
Strength 14 
Dexterity 14 
Agility 16
Con 18
Int 17
Wis 18
Cha 18

Im greedy