Creating an optimized system: The methodology; a brainstorm 
Existing cloud models are already powerhouses. They use the optimal command line tools by default, to an extent. Determining what that extent is, and where improved power (efficiency, speed, capability, yield, difficulty, effect, etc.) 
is possible to instill. For instance, I thought that improving from grep to RIPGrep would be an upgrade - turns out that's already included in Gemini CLI out of the box. 
So determining first what always on tools are going to give me more power, and how much more power I need and in what areas is one topic. 
Another topic is not always-on tools. For instance, libraries, frameworks, python stuff, anything really - Any advanced scripting or stuff that is above my paygrade - I can't even describe it yet. For instance, in the arsenal.md files, 
I have like 2000 tools listed. 
All I want is for Gemini CLI to be able to determine if a task could be performed or augmented by, or if a rewarding endeavor that has not been considered is made possible by - those tools. I've collected a pretty fat list of tools and hoenestly i dont know jack shit still. 
So learning the basics of tooling before I can describe to any AI system what I want it to do is probably imperative. 
Furthermore, I'm hoarding tools without executing or doing anything. This is part of the "Learnie" psychosis that I was in, where I felt like I was "Learnie the dragon" always putting myself in the backseat in tutorial mode, refusing to take initiative or point in the fight, even though id win the fight. Sandbagging on crack. I need to just execute. 
So differentiating between upgrading my systems and developing a time and place for that becomes important. 
Also important - determining what I want my system to be capable of, what I want to be capable of, how attainable it is, and setting my priorities - In a balanced manner, I should be chipping away at everything over time, not tunnel visioning on one thing while everything else atrophies - unless that one thing is a deterministic endeavor that could be accomplished in a finite amount of time. If something is NOT deterministic, I should decompose it into deterministic 
endeavors and approach everything like that. 
The RVE system is imperative. Currently, I have what I need to create RVE. That much is sure.
I might have what I need to do re.match
I do have what I need to do my website 
I do have what I need to do a lot of other things, I could probably even start taking freelance projects and use them as learning tools. 
What do I want out of an AI system? I still believe I should generate extremely good onboarding questions, but finding a way to do that is also imperative. I need to ask in the right way to the right system. 
Before doing those onboarding questions, I need to design the question. 
How can I get the most out of prompt engineering? 
Defining what I am trying to do that is not already covered by existing workflows is important. 
I don't have money for API calls, the most unique things I can identify that I'm trying to do are 
###-Re.Match### - I don't think basing it around powerful searches is going to be the best way, since there is no super powerful search protocol that is free. So it's going to boil down to having a scout platform identify a bulk amount of items that fit general reform criteria, second chance opportunities, creating a long list of urls. Then scrape them, create a database out of them, assign them mucho metadata, categorization and metrics. Once a database is created, then I can use the few premium API credits I have to find more nuanced things - i'll create a "generic criminal reentry profile creator" that creates various combinations of individuals in recovery or reentry and ensures that top tier options for them are in the database, acquiring nuanced stuff - ensuring that nothing already within the database is pursued. From there, every profile that comes in will run a search that omits anything already in the database - if it encounters something in its searching that already exists in the database, it does not go down that route (possible resources might exist within individual entries - that can be determined during the scraping phase - if new items turn up from scraping items in the database, those items are to be analyzed as well - and so on and so forth.) The search running with the profile should use deep research queries to find what it can, adding it to the database. Creating a database schema and ensuring the profile schema and form schema are all synergistic and highly effective, and ensuring that the correct balance of scraping, searching, and AI heavy lifting is active. Doing this on a $0 budget will be more difficult than if I had money. If I had money, I could just deploy multiple agents running exa. Perhaps I could still run this on the free google web search api? im not sure. the ideal system seems to be ditching the original concept of having searches levied against the profile schema to create a dossier on the fly every time - as i type it now, I can see how that's sloppy. The new best method, which is one I had considered early on but now see how it is near mandatory - is the creation of the database and using the existing database as constraints
###-RVE-### is a simple program, pretty straightforward - just my take on a productivity system. It should also be the most immediately helpful thing I can do if I do it correctly. It should streamline journaling, task management, progress, goals, project tracking, contacts, next steps, and maintaining a digitalization of myself that can be used for various other endeavors. Once I thoroughly design and establish the system, which is mostly done - I just need to do the onboarding, design the journaling prompt, set up integrations and alerts, set up a database and memory/context layer, and we're good to go. A dashboard might also be helpful, as would invocation via mobile.  Eisenhower on crack on meth on acid on valium on heroin is the general principle - it should either outdo, exceed, or utilize all other productivity systems and be tailored specifically for the reasons that standard productivity systems dont work for me...even though they probably would if I just did them, but I want to put my all into it. RVE is not hard, this is the most cliche vibe coding trope - every noob on the planet probably made their own todolist app, and there's already a ton out there. However, they all mostly cater to either complete simplicity or the generic CRM SEO Project Management cookie cutter shit that assumes everyone is a corporate fuck, this is to be designed for people in my situation - Independent, making huge leaps, working a lot of complex angles at once, and in need of the ability to invoke complex state at any given moment. This should objectively be the first thing that I do. 

##-Content creation engine-### This one is pretty much the magnum opus and what everything is culminating to. 
I've described this so many times ugh but 
So the idea is to leverage existing notes and my AI history, and possibly also browser history or another person's browser history, as well as an intake funnel which will be wired to accept forms that people fill out requesting answers to common questions and issues they experience on the street, or any information that might help. 
There are three types of content to be distilled from. 
##1 - Personal content - Unstructured, chaotic, /extremely/ chaotic, hard to parse even for an AI on every document. If I were to try to extract everything I might want from a single thread, I don't know how I would even program that prompt. I guess maybe doing a manual extraction on one extremely long thread and then showing the AI "here is an example" would be a good way to start. 
This would be valuable in sharing my journey, or also more importantly - identifying the growth that I needed to experience to get to the position im in, and share that ability to grow.
##2. Books - This one is more simple, because books are coherent compilations of truth designed to be digested, that's just the nature of books. So distilling from these Principles, axioms, primals, and those other things that we decided  would be good to extract - we extract those, the goal being to break down books into two targets 

Target 1 - Human digestion - Reduced to the shortest possible human ingestion - Miyagi with words status. For instance, one chapter in a high tier book will really drill home one principle, sometimes. Or in a highly technical field, such as Charles Hughes works, it might be far more dense with axioms. Either way, finding a way to speed up the process at which I can learn from the books I have would be invaluable. Categorizing them by their density might be beneficial - some highly technical works might require the full read through with accompanying practice, others i might get away with just drilling the distillate. 
Target 2 - Machine ingestion - If I can reduce a book to the maximum amount of concept density that an AI can use to both curate its behavior and also invoke the knowledge into persistent context, while also priming it to teach me the concepts - I could create per-book training programs. It uses the book as a guide to speedrun the drilling of custom made practice methods per concept. I learn deeper, I learn faster. Coupling both of the above two together would result in highly expedited learning. 
Furthermore, it might be possible to derive novel principles by cross-pollination, comparison, analysis and combination of principles from multiple domains or similar domains. You could also arrange those principles to create a persona, or a knowledge profile, or a learning trajectory. 











Target 