Deepickle Delta Recommendations 
Currently, Inward scans do not have anything beyond stock capabilities, it seems. The iterative process will likely yield better results than anything that was already on hand, but it still just defaults to spawning a generalist agent to go through long files, and I don't know how useful that is. 

Ideas that come to mind: Taking advantage of the agent/subagent features that are stock - Look into them, prepare to push their limits, and do so. Create agents tailored to the task instead of just generalist generics 
Optimize the workflow - currently the workflow is hella generic and it just tries brute-forcing gigantic files. 
Something that might be effective; Create a folder in every workspace for chunking and analysis. By chunking everything, then going through the chunkified files, logging not summaries but web RAG augmented synthesis of refined truth, while also maintaining a "Sources for x topic" file that contains the line# of the text that inspired a clause as well as a url to any web based stuff that inspired the clause - this is in the case of synthesizing knowledge and truth. When it comes to analyzing non-deterministic things, like "Search these gigantic threads where I developed this project in - identify the best deltas we have yet to implement - consider the other unrelated thing in your thoughts, possibly contriving additional deltas that will potentiate synergistic augmentation that is salient with long term goals" is a bit different, because it boils down to having an accurate log of things and then ideation/brainstorming, technical design and then synthesis 
So it becomes important to articulate inward task subcategories, then define the workflows for them. 
So, what types of actions would I want to take derived from inward facing workflows?

Update: 
This is further confirmed, while the amount of documents was satisfactory, and I still haven't looked at their contents so i don't know if the contents are satisfactory - it still generates documents identical to what Pickle Rick would generate. Same file size, same format, same phrasing, same AI generic structure. does not feel like a professional grade articulation or blueprint or schematic or assertation or even as good as monetizable viral stuff. it is a useful summary, and maybe this /was/ a summary mission...but still, doesn't feel too much different from the stuff i wanted before. 

I've also noticed that a lot of the files still have, sporatically, references to the original pickle rick's coder focused base. 
This means that what I'm doing right now is a little sloppy at providing a strategic llay of the land, it's creating things one at a time, possibly with a strategy in mind, but it's having difficulty holding the big picture in mind wile designing what its about to implement. This means that its currently designing a strategy, and then adhering to that strategy - the strategy being a concise battleplan - something you would hand to your general, or corporal - they would then execute the battle plan no matter what happens and not let any variables disturb the plan. I need a commander-grade intelligence here, strategically holding in memory the entire field, shadows of the specific files and their contents and how they currently perform, interact, and how they need to perform, and interact. 
i dont know how this can be done, but something needs to be done to ensure that completion is achieved in totality and excellence. 

I'm leaning towards an army of ricks, unfortunately. 
The original rick is awesome general purpose and coding/building, but maybe a 
Planning/analyst rick - Goes over target over and over again while running coherence validation checks, ensuring the entire battlefield is analyzed on multiple strategic and tactical levels. has a conceptual brainstorming ability that it integrates into the strategic element, analyzing potential issues, proposing novel deltas, consulting the strongest possible ideation and implementation models it can - over and over until it lands on true God Tier concepts 
Research Rick - already designed, pretty well even 
Inner Research Rick - Capable of being pointed at an inner corpora and analyzing the shit out of it via strategic use of tools, libraries, scripts, agents and subagents. ----Ooh. Would Agents and Subagents cover the chunking and analysis aspects, if I installed the libraries? Because I'm really quite attached to having Deeprik be capable of external faced knowledge gathering and synthesis and internal facing knowledge gathering and synthesis. IT could either deploy specifically created for its purposes agents and subagents, have a permanent tool upgrade if possible find, recommend, install, troubleshoot, integrate - ability, commanding me to ensure we have /the/ god tier arsenal, locked and loaded at any given moment. 
If I can successfully blend in/out into Deeprik, then I might be able to get away with not making any more ricks, then it can be Evil Morty. I like the idea of just two. 