I use the platforms for standard research, information aggregation, resource/opportunity aggregation, and then synthesize useful documents out of them or export my chat files to my computer. Once they are exported to my computer, I use Gemini CLI and Codex to deploy agents to normalize and consolidate my messy notes, downloads, personal documents, downloaded documents, and books into a structured "Information Base." I then parse the chat history, which is reflective of my journey as a homeless Justice Involved Individual who was just released from custody and is on probation, journeying with fervor and zeal through the early stages of recovery - By structuring and logging my inquiries, my notes, my thought process, the details of my life, the resources - everything - I am creating the raw material with which I can produce a great many things; Personal blog history, distilled information presented in a manner targeted to individuals in custody, resources for homeless people and JIIs, guides and tools - essentially providing everything that has led me to be able to confidently slaughter fentanyl addiction and become a high energy, disciplined, focused and excited-to-be-alive human being again. I am working on a few projects right now revolving around my experience in custody and in recovery. 

One is called "Re.Match," or "Resource Match." Please, read through all of this and not just the beginning. The first iteration of it was ugly and crude, but yielded what is a very high yield (in terms of positive world impact, I truly believe this) concept. It is inspired by my extremely sloppy early research waves that led me to all of the bewilderingly perfect opportunities available to me, such as Next Chapter. Back then, I was more proficient than a noob by an extremely large margin, but absolutely nowhere near the proficiency of real developers or coders, nor did I myself identify as such an individual.

 I was, however, absurdly good at actually utilizing AI platforms for real world scenarios. The system I initially created was as such: First, I designed a questionnaire for myself that would allow me to create as complete of a snapshot of me as an individual as I could. Then, I converted that to JSON. Then, I used a no-redundancy policy to iterate multiple deep research threads on multiple platforms, harvesting everything I could that was a 100% Criteria Match (or nearly matched if I completed something in progress, like getting my ID) and as close to 100/100 on a subjective metric called "Life Impact," which I explained to the AI as "Life Impact is measured by increase to liberty, societal freedom of movement, sufficient resource to meet all needs, and aligning with an individual's interest, alignment, affinities and needs." Similar to the Japanese concept of Ikegai, which is embedded into the design of the current version. So what I had then was about 300 pages of resources, a lot of redundancy, no consistency in quality. I sloppily made multiple "dossiers," some of them coming close to what I output now. I then uploaded those, processed them into a bunch of reports, then combined them into one final report. The final report was amazing, it was exactly what I was hoping for, but the process was ugly and needed work. 

I have since refined the process majorly, having learned an immense amount from the experience of the first iteration. Now I have a more simple form, using myself as the prototype because I am exactly the demographic that I am trying to help, which makes it easy to iterate on. It is designed to have the minimum amount of questions to have maximum yield, so as to not dissuade individuals possibly in recovery, still regaining their attention span and discipline. Also accounting for time, for situations where JIIs might be in a program where they have access to a computer for a brief amount of time periodically, as was the case while I was in custody. 

I'm finishing the design for the form right now and learning about what I'm doing as I go but the working concept is: For the form, I include the option to either record voice and submit an audio recording, which will then transcribe automatically and parse to JSON. I will manually review and infer or clarify mistranscriptions, A microphone button next to every field to fill out the fields with voice. I figure having a more freeform option will allow an individual to get more relaxed, revealing more character and nuance which will help in identifying matchable traits. The more structured method will be more accurate and appeal to certain individual types. 

Form responses go to an intake email I've sent up, then I manually grab them, verify they're all coherent, then feed it into an agentic split. An agent per category hunts opportunities/resources, matching them to the attributes with a no-redundancy policy - For every subsequent run, if it encounters a match it has already logged or analyzed, it will pass over it instead of blowing resources and time. 

I decided that it would be effective if all opportunity harvests added to an ongoing database, which each search matched against to save resource and time. I could also, as the database expanded, index it by establishing attributes and metadata to every item in the database, such as types of offenders it matches to (Currently in prison, post-prison, post-jail, probation, felon, misdemeanor, drug related offense, theft, etc.)  which is essentially the whole principle of Re.Match. I noticed that a lot of individuals view their legal status as a limitation, but my philosophy has always been converting weaknesses into strengths instead of A) Patching them up by mitigating the weakness, or B) Ignoring your weaknesses and playing to your strengths. I've met so many non-offenders who are frustrated and jealous of some of the opportunities present for JIIs. So introducing those opportunities and helping people slay their demons, fall in love with their selves, and find a path that is honest to who they are at their core is something I am heavily interested in. 

Beyond THAT, I'm using it to generate content out of my chat history, organize my plans, projects, tasks, schoolwork, notes, etc., research in depth literally anything and everything I can, I used it to study for my GED test by creating practice exams, doing them, uploading the completed practice exam, then having it assess my weaknesses and drilling me on them. I've used it to teach me HTML,JSS and CS, I've used it to work through extremely stressful personal situations - situations where another individual might have relapsed, but I used it to psychoanalyze the shit out of myself and work through it. 

I use each platform for different things, Perplexity for research and aggregation, ChatGPT for researching anything that needs to be interacted with like a human (Agent Mode, searching medical databases for providers covered by my health insurance in the specialty im looking for, creating a list of them, and providing me with their professional history, educational background and specialty, for example. ChatGPT also for synthesis, and I'm about to disable memory on it now that I'm getting a bit more savvy and learn to use the custom MCP feature) I use Gemini for Google integration, phone commands, and also Gemini CLI because it's really good and I don't think its possible at my skill level to hit rate limits with Gemini Google AI Pro. I really want to expand my skills and knowledge and have my eyes set on a few tools and frameworks, but I don't want to speak on speculation. Open Interpreter, local models, and OpenClaw are interesting to me - It would be pretty cool to have a multidevice setup where a voice interface could query intelligently, write and execute a script as needed, offload queries that need a smarter model to a cloud model, feed that back into the local model, and execute. Speculative, and I don't even know what I want to do with it, and I'm not there yet.

That said, I know that I am a noob and I have an infinite wealth of knowledge to learn - that is not daunting to me, it is hugely driving because I know that even at my low skill level, I am capable of applying the skill that I /do/ have in genuinely high impact ways. So, imagining the amount of positive impact I could have if I had proper training and education, it gives me hope for truly transmuting my life and turning everything around. 

If I were able to be provided with such support, it would almost feel like Divine Providence that I ended up here - By suffering well through these last 5 years on the street and in and out of jail, I have learned humility like I never knew before, I've learned the ins and outs of the reality of addiction and hopelessness. I can truly make a difference, and I ask that you bet on me. I am unmolded clay, I am humble, I know that I do not know, I am eager to learn, I take criticism well, I enjoy learning very much, and I am relentless when an objective is set. 

Apologies for going too hard on this question, but I feel as though illustrating that my heart is open and being completely transparent is important.
