**Service Description:** Re.Match is a constraint-based matching engine. We don't just "find jobs"—we utilize your specific "constellation of circumstance" (including barriers like justice-system history) to unlock high-tier scholarships, specialized grants, and career "jackpots" that others can't access.
Re.Match (Resource Match, or Rematch if like me you having a background in the fighting game community.) Is a service I came up with while I was incarcerated at Washington County Community Corrections Center, or The RC - Which is Washington County Jail's program in which individuals are allowed to go out on pre-approved passes and essentially get their life together. While I was in there, I was able to finally get sober after several years of first losing my mind because I gave up my house and livelihood to try to help my friend get off the streets, then losing everything else I had left because I faltered and fell into fentanyl. I met a girl and destroyed myself further to the point that our relationship was good for neither of us. I had at this point lost literally everything and the only option left was to recover my honor and rebuild with discipline, focus, and unrelenting faith that through honor, discipline, integrity and compassion - anything is possible. Gradually, I started to acclimate to sobriety. After about a month, I started doing light exercise. I started treatment, got on medication to help me recover the damage done to my brain over the years. I was able to go to the library to do research and plan. I was able to get my credentials in order. While I was in there, I consistently noticed several problems. First, the re-entry system, recovery community, and non-profits are extremely decentralized and disconnected. This isn't a shortcoming on any particular individual's plate, it just is how it is. Non-profits by nature don't have the resources or the infrastructure to be directly integrated with the criminal justice system, and the criminal justice system is only recently stepping into a less punishment centric state of mind, coming to realize that indeed punishment and negative reinforcement are nowhere near as effective of a method as rehabilitation. Consider this, which has been a strong philosophy of mine for as long as I can remember: Some people identify their strengths and lean into them, some people identify their weaknesses and try to patch them up; I say that by identifying your weaknesses and converting them into strengths, you enact a mercilessly victorious philosophy. Apply this to the low-end of the community at large. By low-end, you can interpret it as low income, underworld, street level. High end is the bourgeois. Instead of trying to shove the low end into a corner, get them out of sight, or incarcerate them - Why not give them all of the fucking power you possibly can to heal them and help them participate and contribute? Individuals on the street, my fellow "justice involved individuals" degenerates, divergents, misunderstood, rebels, outcasts - Not bad people, not evil people - that's an entirely different breed. Another important adage that has governed my life and spared me a lot of suffering - Human suffering is borne not from malevolence or malice, but misunderstandings, miscommunications and ignorance. To, with complete lucidity and awareness, wish to cause an individual suffering and take joy in it - That is an anomaly. Evil is an anomaly. Once you accept that everyone is borne of circumstance beyond their control, no matter who they are - now this is important because it goes both ways, up and down. That means you have to drop the anti-authority perspective because the only way to end the cycle of opposition is for everyone to drop their weapons. It will take a while, there is a lot of ingrained generational trauma, bias, recent wounds, products of immense suffering and loss - Overcoming this takes a lot of time. But if we can forgive eachother and press the attack on a world that seeks a new way - It can be done. Anyway i think I've lost the plot a bit. The point of this is I realized that resources weren't readily available in any one particular place, and if they were - they were incomplete, had a lot of dead ends, or didn't accept me. I was decent with AI, I'm starting to get slightly more decent and realize just how much of a noob I am for saying something like "I'm decent with AI" without knowing my way around the command line...but I was able to create a system which is as follows - my original iteration was just a prompt sequence in ChatGPT Plus and Perplexity Pro using ChatGPT and the Custom GPT "Griomoire" to design the prompts and Perplexity to aggregate information and ChatGPT to distill the information. That crude method was HIGHLY effective. I ended up with a 200 page dossier of dope ass shit for all possible categories of life improvement that suited my interests, needs, position in life, etc. I distilled it down and got a list of things all of which I did and all of which have drastically improved my life. The first and only dossier I made is how I got my GED classes going (i got them covered two ways - one by worksource and one by PCC's Adult Basic Education program - I ended up paying out of pocket so I could get it in time for my Next Chapter application though), how I got both of my laptops (One from WorkSource's STEP Program and one through Oregon Health Plan's Flex Funds,) it's how I figured out I qualified for Domestic Violence Survivor status, it's how I figured out that Community Action really /is/ the main entry point for housing voucher waitlists, but that going to different places for any type of help as long as you check in refreshes your priority on the list, it's how i figured out that going to places like Project Homeless Connect and Open Door do the same thing with putting you on that list, but going to different places can sometimes get you a person more willing to listen and hear your full story and put your whole profile down, it's how I found Greater Good Northwest, which hooked me up with a backpack, sleeping bag, my storage unit (oh my god thank you,) warmth gear (twice) and food, and they got me on a list for an apartment that I wasn't on before and got me on the waitlist for the tinyhome pods, it's how I figured out CODA could hook it up with sleeping bags, it's how i figured out CODA had a clinical trial branch and were doing CBD studies for patients being treated with buprenorphine, it's how i figured out about Next Chapter, it's how i figured out about all of the grants and scholarships im eligible for, when to apply for them, and how to apply for them (Walmart has a scholarship where they give you money if you haven't commited a crime in 18 months isn't that crazy?) it's how i figured out im eligible for disability (crazy) it's how i figured out about hella shit dude. I've since then learned a SIGNIFICANT amount more about what I'm doing, with AI and software/web development for the purpose of helping individuals in recovery or reentry being my current focus. I've become familiar with the command line a tiny bit and use my AI through there, which enables me to do way cooler things. So I've come up with this realization: Individuals in custody are not able to use the internet or computer, and even if they are able to use the internet or computer briefly, they are not neccesarily equipped with research skills, knowledge of where to look or who to talk to, or what to do and how to do it. They might not know the more advanced tools available, and even if they do know of them, they might not be adept at using them. They aren't able to use the phone very much either, especially if they don't have that much money. So my goal is to find ways to circulate this form, starting with individuals at The RC, in treatment, at CODA, on the street - and have them fill it out and I can give them a dossier containing a list of really strong moves that are all verified live at the time of dossier manufacture. This is one of the components of what I am working on right now, and is the most marketable item I possess. I am doing it on a pay-what-you-want-if-you-want AKA tips accepted but not encouraged but oh boy it would help me be able to help more people if I got them. I am hitting the criteria of the Next Chapter assessment with my website but my focus is also having a usable product, so I am hitting the assignment notes of having an operational basic website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and keeping the rest of the workflow out of the project but operational as a complete product. I cannot perform the rest of the workflow with technical understanding that I would require for including on my Next Chapter project, as it wants me to completely understand every line of code and currently my version of this workflow is very AI oriented and is not automated yet. Essentially I have the form set up, with a big part that I'm proud of being the voice transcript option - as many justice involved individuals and individuals on the streets, as anywhere else, can be prone to not being too handy with a keyboard. It makes it easier to provide real context, and since my workflow is AI based, I can extrapolate a lot of nuanced information that can be applied to identifying options that suit the applicants' affinities and alignments. I intend to hopefully tighten this up enough to offer it to non-profits, re-entry coordinators, probation officers, etc. and hopefully help connect a lot of people to powerful options. Knowing is only half the battle, however. I can help you with the first half, but when it comes to discipline, fortitude, integrity, follow through, and choosing the right - the ball is in your court my ninja. May The Force Be With You. 